Example of how to create async RenderController (#4616)
umbraco/UmbracoDocs: Reference/Routing/Custom-Controllers/index.md

ALL requests to ANY 'product' pages in the site will be'hijacked' and routed through the custom ProductPageController.

> If you perfer to use a async controller your need to overide both the sync and the async Index()-methods to disable the default behavior from the base controller.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you prefer to use an async controller your need to override both the sync and the async Index()-methods. This is done to disable the default behavior from the base controller.
```
